Ability to automatically switch the logging format depending on the terminal (#4567)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/telemetry/exporters/logging/stdout.mdx

         format: text #highlight-line
```

### `tty_format`

> You can configure the logging output format when you're running on an interactive shell. If bother `format` and `tty_format` are configured then the format depends on how the router is run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the log format when you're running on an interactive shell. This is useful during development.

If both `format` and `tty_format` are configured then the output depends on the environment where the Router is run:
```
